JOURNAL.md, before:

# Learn Rust Journal

## June 09 _(10 minutes)_

- Embedded the embed project library into Ruby and Python
- Started reading about effective Rust

## June 08 _(15 minutes)_

- Started embed project
- Learned about public external functions

## June 07 _(15 minutes)_

- Finished the dining philosophers program
- Learned about atomic reference count, mutexes, tuples

## June 06 _(15 minutes)_

- Began working on dining philosophers program
- Learned a bit about structures, vectors

## June 05 _(20 minutes)_

- _(Missed yesterday)_
- Finished the guessing game program
- Accidentally made the program crash when I added a backslash character to my input (which was later resolved by another change to the code)

## June 03 _(20 minutes)_

- Started working on the guessing game program
- Learned about variable bindings
- Imported the `rand` crate

## June 02 _(10 minutes)_

- Read the introduction about Cargo
- Converted the code written yesterday into using Cargo

## June 01 _(10 minutes)_

- Started reading the [Rust book](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/)
- Wrote the Hello World program
- Began reading about Cargo

## May 31 _(10 minutes)_

- Installed Rust and initialized this repository

Commit message:

Read about the stack and the heap

JOURNAL.md, after:

# Learn Rust Journal

## June 10 _(10 minutes)_

- Read about [the Stack and the Heap](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/the-stack-and-the-heap.html)

## June 09 _(10 minutes)_

- Embedded the embed project library into Ruby and Python
- Started reading about effective Rust

## June 08 _(15 minutes)_

- Started embed project
- Learned about public external functions

## June 07 _(15 minutes)_

- Finished the dining philosophers program
- Learned about atomic reference count, mutexes, tuples

## June 06 _(15 minutes)_

- Began working on dining philosophers program
- Learned a bit about structures, vectors

## June 05 _(20 minutes)_

- _(Missed yesterday)_
- Finished the guessing game program
- Accidentally made the program crash when I added a backslash character to my input (which was later resolved by another change to the code)

## June 03 _(20 minutes)_

- Started working on the guessing game program
- Learned about variable bindings
- Imported the `rand` crate

## June 02 _(10 minutes)_

- Read the introduction about Cargo
- Converted the code written yesterday into using Cargo

## June 01 _(10 minutes)_

- Started reading the [Rust book](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/)
- Wrote the Hello World program
- Began reading about Cargo

## May 31 _(10 minutes)_

- Installed Rust and initialized this repository
